I"3)<p>Kon Ham<br />
EDU435<br />
Introduction<br />
My name is Kon Ham, and I am most especially honored and pleased to be a part of your team. Please allow me to describe my professional background. My parents are small business owners. Most career business owners will understand – you’ve got to lose a few businesses before you win it big. I’ve personally witnessed my parents losing more than their share of businesses as a result of their own mistakes and failures. I’ve also seen them profit greatly as a result of proper management and unrelenting passion and vision. So, I have been close if not a mere witness to the ups and downs of business. I’ve also helped to manage those businesses. My background in the management of this business is that I have always been close to the source of the business – that is, the customer. Usually in the line of work my parents are involved in, the manager is also the front clerk. Therefore, the front clerk is where the manager makes the most of his or her experience being nearest to the business. After sometime of this, I impulsively left the family business and joined a military branch – The United States Coast Guard.<br />
In the United States Coast Guard, I learned to work consistently under pressure. From boot camp to petty officer indoctrination school, or in business terms mid-level manager school and work specialty training, I was constantly put under the fire to deliver results despite a fire or not. I’ve also witnessed the workings of how an organization of 40,000 plus members operates and moves. And since my special training was involved in engineering, I was mostly utilized as a front-line technician. That means that myself and my subordinates worked in cramped, oily, dusty, and close quarters. So, I learned to work closely with my subordinates down in the trenches with them. By the end of the next month, I will have my Bachelor’s in Early Childhood Education. And by the end of summer, I plan to have my Master’s in Business Administration.<br />
So, what does my professional development say about my experience? I believe it says that I am used to working in professions that are not very well appreciated nor is considered the “star of the show”. I am used to working in the background and playing pivotal roles in the support aspect of operations. I am used to working in small businesses with less than 20 employees and I am used to working in an organization that employs more than 40,000 people. I am used to working closely with my subordinates and I am used to getting very, very dirty. I think my experience speaks for how I feel about leadership. But for clarity, I can explain that my idea of leadership can be best conveyed in the actions of a little-known carpenter nearly 2,000 years ago. If you’ve grown up in a Christian background, you may already know this story. If not, I will summarize very quickly. In the background of his great betrayal of his close friend, and his impending execution by the hands of his own people, Jesus gathered his close friends and students for one of the last few times his associates would spend with him. Jesus prepared himself for a strange ritual – he began to wash the feet of his disciples. It was customary at that time to wash the feet of your guests as gesture of servitude. Jesus, the man that was claimed to be from God himself, the Lord of all Mankind, the one who was purportedly at the beginning creation and even before then and afterwards, was humbly washing the feet of his disciples and students as a gesture of servitude and humility. Of course, there was more to the washing of his disciples’ feet than a mere gesture of servitude, but that is where we begin in my explanation of how I view leadership.<br />
Jesus was a leader. And if the Bible’s claims were to be true, that this Jesus character had all the authority on Earth, then he had every right to be as authoritative as he wanted. And yet, this man washed the feet of his disciples in order to serve their needs. This is my goal with you all. Though I am likely much more selfish and self-centered than this Jesus character, my goal is to wash your feet and to serve you. My goal as a leader is to equip you all with everything and in lacking nothing that you all may be able to also in turn, wash the feet of your students by serving their needs that they may be lacking in nothing. All too often we make a distinction between ourselves and our students as we are in a role of authority. And that authority can very easily be abused. Therefore, as a leader it is my utmost concern that I do not abuse this authority – and that a levy is created by serving your needs. Supervision is another aspect upon which I’d like to address. I want to be able to equip you all as leaders in your own right, striking it out on the frontiers on your own with your team. Supervision then is only necessary, if you all are responsible of your own accord, for when occasionally damage happens. It is life, and supervision, to my opinion, is judicial. That is, supervision arises when we need a judge and a jury to settle a dispute. I am doubtful that this need will arise often, but it does happen occasionally. In our occasion, it happens bi-annually when we come together for assessment of ourselves and our programs and our students. That is, we judge as a jury our own performance.<br />
Outline of Supervision and Evaluation<br />
I do not believe in a numerical grading system for the evaluation of my work nor for mine. Since our organization is not 40,000 strong like my previous employer, we can be much more qualitative in our evaluation and supervision. Our curriculum is straight forward. So is our goal. That is, to get children reading before they reach kindergarten. Therefor the results of our labor should be inherent in the students themselves. And since we share teaching the curriculum in no more than 30 minute intervals before the next teacher takes the teaching position of the one before him or her in an open classroom where all teachers are watching both the students and the teachers, it should be obvious then that the evaluation and supervisory outlines are daily and constant. Therefore, there is no quantitative approach to our evaluation. Every six months, however, teachers and supervisor will meet together in order to discuss practical issues. Is student A or B able to continue with our curriculum? Should he or she be instead expelled? Does any teacher have a problem noticed by the curriculum? And do any of the teachers have issues with any other teacher? Every six months the evaluation process will consist of letting out steam or unaired conflicts and to evaluate our students congregationally. Problem students cannot be allowed to continue in our curriculum, for the sake of the rest of the students. So every six months teachers will evaluate students to decide if one needs to be removed from our school. This is the extent of our evaluation and supervisory process.<br />
Summary of Specific Evaluation Tool to Use<br />
Our curriculum shall not have any specific evaluation tool to be used, especially since the state of Texas does not require one. However, for the sake of the exercise we will use the recommended appraisal of teachers recommended by the Texas Education Agency, an organization associated with the state of Texas. According to Texas Education Code §21.351, the recommended appraisal process be based on “observable, job-related behavior, including: (1) teachers’ implementation of discipline management procedures; and (2) the performance of teachers’ students.” (Texas Education Agency, 2018) This appraisal is recommended by the appraisal recommendation to be satisfied by the teacher’s supervisor or a person approved by the board of trustees. I am both of those. Under this recommended appraisal process, “appraisal for teachers must be detailed by category of professional skill and characteristic and must provide for separate ratings for each category. The appraisal process shall guarantee a conference between the teacher and appraiser. The conference shall be diagnostic and prescriptive with regard to remediation needed in overall performance and by category”. (Texas Education Agency, 2018) Therefore the recommended or specific evaluation tool shall be as listed above in the previous paragraphs seeing as the Texas Education Agency’s recommended appraisal tool matches our bi-annual congregationally led evaluation, on top of our evaluation of the students.<br />
The purpose of following our own evaluation process is this: first, as mentioned earlier, the state does not require a specific evaluation tool. Therefore, we have liberty to create our own tool. Second, because our curriculum is based around co-teaching. There are two classrooms in our curriculum. The first classroom is the beginner’s, and the second is the advanced. Both will follow this same teaching format. That is, all teachers will be in either the beginners or advanced class. And each teacher will teach take the center-stand and teach for no more than 30 minutes. Then another teacher that happens to be supervising the children from the back of the classroom will then teach the next 30-minute segment. And this continues. As you can see, the teachers are all constantly supervising each other. And since they are supervising each other, they all have a broad basis upon which to evaluate each other’s teaching.<br />
Therefore, a quantitative approach to evaluation is not needed. Instead, every six months teachers will gather and express encouragement or guidance on how their fellow colleagues could teach more efficiently or effectively. This style of co-teaching is not merely designed for the sake of the evaluation process but to mitigate the costly and high turn over rate that plagues the early childhood education industry. Teachers become burned out teaching a classroom of children for 8 to 10 hours a day for weeks on end. And since teachers are only teaching for 30 minutes each rotation, the total amount of teaching time is reduced to nearly half and therefore teachers can focus on providing a higher quality output of teaching and therefore that quality of work further stands for a higher quality of evaluation by his or her peers.<br />
Self-Assessment Survey<br />
Criteria Notes (Also include frequency. 1 for Low, 5 for High)<br />
I feel I am contributing effectively and efficiently to the growth of my students</p>
:ET