I"Z<p>Family Skills Training<br />
I will be presenting this information to high school students. From here onwards I will be writing as if I am speaking or presenting this information to high school students, so there will be a liberal use of “you” with the assumption that “you” are, a high school student. Therefore, if the information presented appears to be casual or informal, it is reminded to the reader that such casual use is the intended effect to cater to a high school audience that may have a difficult time with captured attention for prolonged series of time. It is with that intention that the author intends to write a little more casually, and a little less academically in terms of conveyance of language.<br />
Romantic Relationships<br />
There are three components of a healthy relationship. In order to understand those three components, I intend to explain to you all Robert Sternberg’s Triangular Theory of Love. This model will help you gain an understanding of relationships and how love fills and carries that relationship. It is my intention that you all walk away from this presentation with a firmer understanding of the potentials of love and how it might not be so much just about passion and attraction. That is, that you understand this information to provide you with the ability to live more fulfilling and promising lives through your relationships here and for the future. Since we are also talking about relationships later, I will be presenting information concerning family styles and structures. Perhaps this facilitates further understanding of where you’ve come from and how these relationships you will be finding yourself in will fit into the larger scheme of life.<br />
Sternberg’s Triangular Theory of Love deals with, no surprise, three elements of love, all of which make up the broader portrait of love. These three elements are passion, intimacy, and commitment. (01) Let’s break down these three elements. Passion can be characterized by a strong desire to be with that person, constant thoughts about that person, and of course something which I’m sure you all are very well aware of, sexual excitement. (01) Intimacy can be described as the “sharing of one’s thoughts and feelings, as well as being vulnerable enough to reveal one’s true self.” (01) Commitment has to do with the decision “has decided to forego all other liaisons and live in union with the other person.” (01) That is, they live for each other. Now that the three elements of Sternberg’s Triangular Theory of Love have been defined, we can begin to understand the second level of analysis of love. According to Sternberg, having more or less of these three elements can result in various forms of love. For you boys and girls, it would be like assembling your fantasy football team and with each configuration of players giving you different results for each team assembled. What I am attempting to convey to you all is that love is a complex process. To give you a further example of Sternberg’s application of his Triangular Theory of Love, relationships that are “high on passion and love on intimacy and commitment are called infatuation.” (01) Howe, author of “Marriages and Families in the 21st Century: A Bioecological Approach”, states that “infatuated couples have a strong physical attraction and are often together a lot of time but they don’t open up to share their secrets and they don’t decide to stop seeing other people to build a life together.” (01) While the latter part of this statement I did not find to be particularly true when I was younger and dating, I did find that many of the relationships I’ve experienced were relationships of infatuation. Perhaps you all have experienced something similar. An important aspect of this model is that you’re more closely able to identify the relationship style of what you may currently be in now or what you can theorize you’d be experiencing later in the future should you decide to date. Figure 1 explains the various combinations that you could achieve with the understanding that intimacy, passion, and commitment combine to create.</p>
:ET