I"X	<p>“My child, never eat a single mouthful unless you are sharing it with others”, said Dranafile Bojaxhiu to her daughter, Agnes Gonxha Bojaxhiu. (Biography.com Editors, 2018) What Dranafile said to Agnes must have left an impact on her because later Agnes Gonxha Bojaxhiu legacy would be that her order “included hundreds of centers in more than 90 countries with some 4,000 nuns and hundreds of thousands of lay workers.” (The Editors of Encyclopaedia Britannica, 2018) Not only that, she grew to receive “…the Padma Shri, one of India’s highest civilian honors”, (The Editors of Encyclopaedia Britannica, 2018) being gifted Pope Paul VI’s ceremonial limousine and raffling it to finance her leper colony, (The Editors of Encyclopaedia Britannica, 2018), and being awarded the Nobel Peace Prize twice. (The Editors of Encyclopaedia Britannica, 2018) This is the story of Mother Theresa. Here I will describe Mother Theresa’s life through the use of three personality theories and the foundational elements in Mother Theresa’s life that would have steered her personality one way or another. The personality theories I will use will be the humanistic approach and the social learning approach. The four influences I will use to describe the development of Mother Theresa’s life will be as follows: the death of her father at age 9 and the subsequent influence her mother had on her life, the spiritual calling of her life at 12, becoming a nun at 18, and at 19 moving to India and the subsequent calling she received to go to Calcutta to reach to the poorest of the poor. Mother Theresa was born in Skopje, Macedonia on August 27, 1910. (“Mother Teresa Biography”, 2018)) She was born in the last breaths of the Ottoman Empire, which controlled Macedonia at the time. (“Mother Teresa Biography”, 2018)) Her mother and father were grocers. Her family was deeply religious (Biography.com Editors, 2018) and her father was “deeply involved” in both the local church as well as a vocal proponent of Albanian independence (Biography.com Editors, 2018), which was the source of Mother Theresa’s ethnicity. Her father had passed when Mother Theresa was the age of 9. While the source of Mother Theresa’s father’s death was not known, it was sudden and speculated at her father’s political enemies may have poisoned him. (Biography.com Editors, 2018)</p>
:ET